README.md, before:

![Python Versions](https://img.shields.io/badge/python-3.7%20%7C%203.8%20%7C%203.9%20%7C%20-blue) 
![Style Black](https://warehouse-camo.ingress.cmh1.psfhosted.org/fbfdc7754183ecf079bc71ddeabaf88f6cbc5c00/68747470733a2f2f696d672e736869656c64732e696f2f62616467652f636f64652532307374796c652d626c61636b2d3030303030302e737667) 
[![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)
![Test](https://github.com/MQSchleich/dylightful/actions/workflows/python-app.yaml/badge.svg?branch=main)
[![codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/simonw/asgi-csrf/branch/main/graph/badge.svg)](https://codecov.io/gh/MQSchleich/dylightful/)

# Package to develop Markov Analysis of Dynophores

This package aims to make the analysis of interaction patterns in supramolecular complexes more easy. It builds on the concepts of pharmaceutical sciences, computational chemistry, quantum mechanics, statistical modelling, and artificial intelligence. 
Core dependencies are 

* MDAnalysis
* Deeptime 
* Dynophores
* scikit-learn
* hmmlearn
* numpy 
* pandas

# Install 

To install the necessary packages it is recommended to use the 'conda' package manager. However, all packages can also be installed via the requirements.txt

```
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

# Convert Dynophore trajectory 
use *parser.py*
```

```

Commit message:

Announce migration
Need to migrate the code.

README.md, after:

🟥 Code is not maintained on GitHub any longer all code moves to [Codeberg](https://codeberg.org/sail.black) 🟥 

👉 New repo https://codeberg.org/sail.black/dylightful



![Python Versions](https://img.shields.io/badge/python-3.7%20%7C%203.8%20%7C%203.9%20%7C%20-blue) 
![Style Black](https://warehouse-camo.ingress.cmh1.psfhosted.org/fbfdc7754183ecf079bc71ddeabaf88f6cbc5c00/68747470733a2f2f696d672e736869656c64732e696f2f62616467652f636f64652532307374796c652d626c61636b2d3030303030302e737667) 
[![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)
![Test](https://github.com/MQSchleich/dylightful/actions/workflows/python-app.yaml/badge.svg?branch=main)
[![codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/simonw/asgi-csrf/branch/main/graph/badge.svg)](https://codecov.io/gh/MQSchleich/dylightful/)

# Package to develop Markov Analysis of Dynophores

This package aims to make the analysis of interaction patterns in supramolecular complexes more easy. It builds on the concepts of pharmaceutical sciences, computational chemistry, quantum mechanics, statistical modelling, and artificial intelligence. 
Core dependencies are 

* MDAnalysis
* Deeptime 
* Dynophores
* scikit-learn
* hmmlearn
* numpy 
* pandas

# Install 

To install the necessary packages it is recommended to use the 'conda' package manager. However, all packages can also be installed via the requirements.txt

```
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

# Convert Dynophore trajectory 
use *parser.py*
```

```
